fix: clean up organization and proof edit context docs (#193)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/contextual-time-based-authorization.mdx

To follow this guide, you should be familiar with some <ProductConcept />.

### <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> Concepts

> - A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-relation" linkName="Relation" />: is a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between objects of this type and other types.

Reviewer: > objects of this type and other types.

What is this here?

Author: This is from https://openfga.dev/docs/concepts#what-is-a-relation.  In the context of relation, we are discussing relationship between two types.

Reviewer: I mean there is no subject for "this" in that sentence. I think it should be something like:

> A Relation is a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between an object and a user.

Or something like that.

Author: Interesting... in this case, we should update all relation definition to reflect the new definition.

Reviewer 2: If I were to change it it would be "between objects of that type" referencing the type definition we are talking about. It is not talking about possible relations across all objects of all types in the system

Author: See the change made

> - A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-relation" linkName="Relation" />: is a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between objects of this type and other users in the system

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-relation" linkName="Relation" />: is a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between objects of this type and other types.
```

- A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-check-request" linkName="Check Request" />: is a call to the <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> check endpoint that returns whether the user has a certain relationship with an object.
- A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-relationship-tuple" linkName="Relationship Tuple" />: a grouping consisting of a user, a relation and an object stored in <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>

> - A <ProductConcept section="what-are-contextual-tuples" linkName="Conceptual Tuple" />: a tuple that can be added to a check request, and only exist within the context of that particular request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A <ProductConcept section="what-are-contextual-tuples" linkName="Contextual Tuple" />: a tuple that can be added to a Check request, and only exists within the context of that particular request.
```

We can verify that using the following checks

> Anne can view transaction:A because she is an account manager whose account is at the same branch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Anne can view transaction:A because she is an account manager of an account that is at the same branch.
```

<CheckRequestViewer user={'anne'} relation={'can_view'} object={'transaction:A'} allowed={true} />

> Caroline can view transaction:A because she is the customer and the transaction is tied to her account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caroline can view transaction:A because she is a customer and the transaction is tied to her account.
```
